update in place upgrade doc (#7960)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/upgrade/index.md

Ensure you meet these requirements before starting the upgrade process:

> * Istio version is 1 minor version lower than {{< istio_full_version >}}.  For example, 1.6.0 or higher is required before you start the upgrade process to 1.7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Istio version is 1 minor version less than {{< istio_full_version >}}. For example, 1.6.0 or higher is required before you start the upgrade process to 1.7.0.
```

    After performing several checks, `istioctl` will ask you to confirm whether to proceed.

> 1. `istioctl` will in place upgrade the Istio control plane and gateways to the new version and indicate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `istioctl` will in-place upgrade the Istio control plane and gateways to the new version and indicate the
```

Ensure you meet these requirements before starting the downgrade process:

* Your Istio installation was [installed using {{< istioctl >}}](/docs/setup/install/istioctl/).

> * The Istio version you intend to downgrade to is 1 minor version lower than {{< istio_full_version >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Istio version you intend to downgrade to is 1 minor version less than {{< istio_full_version >}}.
```

identical to the upgrade process mentioned in the previous section. When completed,
the process will restore Istio back to the Istio version that was installed before.

> `istioctl install` can be used to install the lower version of Istio control plane, but it does not
> perform any checks thus not recommended. For example, default values applied to the cluster for a configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`istioctl install` can be used to install an older version of the Istio control plane, but is not recommended
because it does not perform any checks. For example, default values applied to the cluster for a configuration
```
